Looks like you're more of a package hoarder than a courier.
You know what they say, the bigger the pile, the bigger the failure.
Your package delivery skills are as slow as a snail's pace.
Do you need a forklift to deliver all those packages, or are you just that weak?
I hope you're ready to explain to the boss why you couldn't do your one job.
Looks like you're going to have to start sleeping here to get those packages delivered on time.
I think you need to go back to courier school to learn how to do your job properly.
Maybe if you stopped taking so many breaks, you could actually get some work done.
You know, ants are supposed to be hardworking creatures. What happened to you?
Looks like the courier business wasn't for you after all.
Wow, you're really slacking off. Have you considered finding a new line of work?
Do you even know what you're doing? The packages are piling up faster than you can handle.
What's the matter, can't handle the workload? You better start picking up the pace.
Looks like we've got a real winner here, folks. Letting the packages pile up like it's nobody's business.
You better pick up the pace or you'll be out of a job soon.
Looks like you can't handle the heat, huh? Better get those packages delivered fast.
I hope you're not planning on taking a break anytime soon, because you're running out of time.
Hey, slacker! If you don't start delivering those packages, you're going to be in big trouble.
You're not getting paid to laze around! Get those packages delivered or you'll regret it.
Time's ticking, buddy. You better step it up or you'll be packing up your desk before you know it.
You're not paid to stand around! Get those packages delivered or you'll be out on your rear end.
Looks like someone's going to be looking for a new job soon if those packages don't get delivered.
Get a move on, slowpoke! You're in danger of losing your job if you can't keep up.
Tick tock, tick tock. Your job is on the line if you can't keep up with those deliveries.